R-0.0.6 (#282)
bob-crutchley/notes: topics/powershell/modules/functions/README.md

# Functions

<!--TOC_START-->
### Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Powershell Functions](#powershell-functions)
- [Basic Functions](#basic-functions)
- [Advanced Functions](#advanced-functions)
	- [Built-in Parameters](#builtin-parameters)
- [Task](#task)

<!--TOC_END-->
## Overview

Instead of copying and pasting the same code over and over again, we can use a function. We will be learning about functions in Powershell in this module, but the concepts also translate across all programming languages.

## Powershell Functions

> When you first start out with Powershell, you aren't always too concerned with things such as modularity, reusibility and "best practices". As time goes on, you will very quickly realise that you are repeating yourself in code, a lot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you first start out with Powershell, you aren't always too concerned with things such as modularity, reusibility and "best practices". As time goes on, you will very quickly realise that you are repeating yourself in code often.
```
